Now let's talk about backups, backtracking,
and restores for Aurora.
So there are some automatic backups
and you can have a retention period between one and 35 days.
They can not be disabled.
And this allows you to do point-in-time recovery.
So PITR, to restore your database
within five minutes of the current time.
If you do a restore,
it's going to restore to a new database cluster.
So automated backups just like RDS, if you restore,
they restore to a new database.
Now, you have Aurora backtracking,
and this is used to rewind the database
back and forth in time up to 72 hours.
Now, backtracking is different from backups
because backtracking does not create a new cluster,
it is an in-place restore,
and currently it supports Aurora MySQL only.
And then finally, you have Aurora database cloning,
in which case you're going to create a new database cluster
that will use the same DB cluster volume
as the original cluster in the beginning,
but then it's going to use the copy-on-write protocol,
which is that as the data is being written,
is going to be copied to a new volume.
And so that makes your Aurora data base cloning
super quick and super easy.
And so when do you use the database cloning?
Well, you use the database cloning
when you want to create a test environment
using a production data, for example.
It's one click, and there you go,
you can access a fully new environment,
which is quite handy, okay?
So that's it for this theory lecture.
Just remember that backups
are restored to a new database cluster.
Backtracking is used to do in-place restores.
And database cloning is a very easy way
for you to get started with a second database cluster
using the same, the originating data.
So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.